Hello, Rayan! Welcome to your interview! How are you?
Hi Emelie Welcome Thank you I feel good you
In your role as a financial assistant, you need to know something about accounting. Can you tell us about your knowledge of accounting?
Hi Emelie I have worked in my home country for four and a half years as an accountant as an economist not as a financial assistant but I would also like to apply for a job as a financial assistant and it was great to work in a company in Beirut, Lebanon.
can you tell us more about how you worked in your home country ?
It is mostly to work with paper and call customers and double check on all the paper we have and double check with customer and what if they are satisfied. Sometimes it is group work, I enjoy working with numbers and people.
If you are going to work as a financial assistant, it is good if you have experience of financial administration. Can you describe your experience in this area?
in my work as an economist I have worked in administration for two years actually and I have a long experience with administration and data entry.
can you tell us more about how you have worked with data entry ?
Data entry is very easy and simple in fact because they just or I just write everything I have in paper in Excel or in Word.
What makes you a good financial assistant?
You should always be on time at work and not stress and work in groups. it can be very stressful but you have to be patient and help also ask all the time if you do not feel safe with information.
What is your best experience from your previous jobs?
I used to work as a youth supervisor and it was just like financial work when managing and controlling stress at work.
what did you do when you worked as a youth supervisor ?
when I when working as a youth supervisor I have to shop a little do not work well at work and know what they have to work with and why not do while they work. and the most important thing is that they know work environment rules
Is there anything you want to ask about this work?
would like to ask about salary please
what do you think is the most important thing about this job ?
The most important thing about this job is that you were loyal and that you respect confidentiality at work.
what do you think is the most important thing about this job ?
The most important thing about this job is that you respect integrity and being loyal
Thanks for your time, it was nice to interview you!