Hi Rayan, my name is Emely. How are you today?
Yes thank you it's good yourself
i ' m good , thanks . what do you do for a living ? i ' ve a job .
I work as a youth tutor What do you work with
i work with kids . i am a teacher . what is your favorite thing to do in your spare time ?
how nice I usually practice blasting or reading a book and yourself then?
i like to read as well . what kind of books do you read ? do you have a favorite ?
Yes I have a book called God but on it is my favorite Which book do you like the most
i like the lord of the rings books . they ' re so interesting . what ' s your favorite book ?
fiction is my favorite book
that ' s a good one . i ' ve read a lot of fiction in my spare time .
how nice
 i ' m a big fan of science fiction and fantasy . 
Name what fun
i like to read science fiction . it ' s fun to get to know the characters and their relationships .
Yes I think it also you like watching movies and series?
yes , i love movies and tv shows . what ' s your favorite genre of sci - fi ?
I like you most Friends who are on Netflix yourself
that ' s cool . i ' ve been watching a lot of game of thrones lately .
yes they now have a new movie actually too
oh really ?  i ' ll have to check it out . 
Yes you have to do it
i think i ' m going to watch it . it ' s been a while since i have seen it .
Yes it will be nice to watch it on Friday or the weekend Tex
i think so too . i will have to see if i can find it on netflix .
Yes if you do not find it on Netflix you can find it on the website
that ' s good to know . i ' ve seen a lot of movies on the internet lately .
how nice
what kind of movies do you like to watch ? i like the ones that aren ' t horror .
I like comedy I also like criminal action movies
i ' m not a big fan of crime movies , but i ' ll watch them if they ' re good .
Yes they are good There is a series called high to get away with murder It is very nice
I have to leave now. Bye!
thanks the same have it so good
I have to leave now. Bye!
thanks the same have a good time Emelie
I have to leave now. Bye!
thanks bye
I have to leave now. Bye!
Bye!