Hi Faten farhat, my name is Emely. How are you today?
my name because it's hate I came to Sweden in 1990 I am single and have two girls and
wow , that ' s a long time ago . i ' m sorry to hear that . do you have any hobbies ?
right now contemplated streams at 19 I have to at home I do not hang out the key people I was a little careful I go out a little walk exercise at home read that and I look for work from home too
that sounds like a lot of fun . what do you like to do for fun ? i like to read .
I like to walk reading
i love to walk too . it ' s very relaxing . what kind of books do you read ?
I read most about
what ' s your favorite book to read ? i ' ve been reading a lot lately , too .
I actually remember the name of the book I mean as I said I watch a lot of washing that goes the nature book about nature and plants and do you plant flowers and birds Jansson I read
that sounds interesting . i don ' t plant flowers or birds , but i do love to garden .
I love Flowers Garden a lot as I have not seen much actually so but flowers most Yes it is my favorite
do you have any other hobbies that you like to do ? like gardening , gardening , or gardening ?
meetab is actually a walk in I really like to walk in nature and so I'll probably we have Helsingborg a forest that is pålsjöskog I usually go there sometimes walk for an hour and a half it feels nice to clear your mind there yes
wow , that ' s a long walk ! i ' m not sure i could do that , but it sounds nice .
Yes it is very very nice Yes I hope so I wish that if you can also walk round
i think it would be nice to be able to walk all the way to the beach and back .
Yes so it sounds good too I also like walking on the beach It is very nice weather and views of the sea and I the feeling that it is nice weather and so you can walk walk by the sea
i agree . it ' s nice to have the option to walk anywhere , even in the ocean .
Yes, that's right I live
where do you live ? i ' d love to live in a place where i could walk everywhere .
I live in Helsingborg in the south to the center with shop There is a lot around me in fact all shops close to everything too It is not far to the sea You can also go for a walk for dinner or take a walk around
that sounds like a nice place to live . i ' ve never been there , but i would love to visit .
Yes, it is very nice that you are welcome to visit Södertälje, you can also experience it
i ' ll have to check it out . it sounds like it would be nice to live there .
Yes it is nice very nice
 i would like to go to the beach or the lake . 
I'm Helsingborg here I live there in nice Beach nice Beach You can walk today but unfortunately we once lake in Helsingborg a little far from Helsingborg you can go there
that ' s too bad . it ' s a great place to visit if you ' re looking for a vacation .
Yes in fact Sweden wants lots of lakes you can go there and have a nice holiday and so you can make a cottage at slow and
i ' ve never been to sweden , but i ' d love to go on a vacation there .
Yes you can thank me mine then is welcome and
I have to leave now. Bye!
same It was great fun talking to you too
I have to leave now. Bye!